come in regis que pasa writer was making
me nuts e juice pitching me the
millionaire sketches hmm I thought you
said you didn't want to do a millionaire
sketch I did rage what you don't know
how angry I am right now let me make
this right I need to make this right
well stop with the billionaire sketches
reach what if you don't want to do a
millionaire sketch then you're not going
to do one welcome who wants to be the
president and now here's your host Regis
Philbin's
I put everybody
thank you very much good evening
everybody and welcome tonight wonderful
wants to be the President and let's meet
tonight's contestants Vice President Al
Gore please say hello to Kathryn Leigh
for me you bet I will al next the
Republican candidate Alan Keyes Regis I
am speaking on behalf of black
Republicans and both of us feel it's
finally time to stand up and be totally
absolutely right Alan it's about time
and Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura
I read one time in Navy SEALs
I ran 30 to a mile through a swamp with
a log on my back that's really
fascinating Jesse thank you now back to
the game let's find out who will join me
in the winner's circle
all right gentlemen using the keypad in
front of you put the following yes Alan
where are these keypads that you are
indeed referring to right in front of
you mr. keys so these are indeed the
keypads that you are talking about yes
Alan excellent carry on
oh and may I just say that on behalf of
all Americans
we love our regions you know when I was
a little boy in Alan Alan
nobody cares contestants here is your
mr. Philbin contestants please pay
attention this is important breach one
time on the set of predator I saw a
really big spider it didn't scare me
though my doctor there's this one guy
who on the set who shall remain nameless
his initials are Arnold Schwarzenegger
who was shaken and crapping like a
little girl
alright here it is here's the question
with the following US presidents in
chronological order a Abraham Lincoln B
Theodore Roosevelt C John F Kennedy D
George Washington a contestants lock in
your answers no breach by chronological
do you mean alphabetical or what is that
no I mean from the oldest to the newest
now when you say oldest do you mean by
age because I'm pretty sure at least one
of these fellas is dead this is pinching
me you know what I'm just gonna pick one
of
you know incidentally reach whatever I'm
standing is the winner's circle
actually mr. Philbin technically that's
more of an ellipse than a true circle
thanks a million al that's pretty good
coming from a true square I don't care
Jesse here is your $100 question the
Declaration of Independence was written
in what city a Chicago hey Chicago are
you sure you don't want to hear the rest
of the answers
listen reads I once wrestled Bob
Backlund for 45 minutes why wouldn't I
know this okay is that your final answer
45 minutes reads why would I find Lance
because it's wrong Jessie it's wrong
Gor your turn let's go come on
and ask me anything rage I'm the brains
of the Clinton administration
thattaboy aimed low all right here it is
which of the following is not a
character on friends a Rachel B Ross see
Phoebe or Deebo Esha
I'd like to use a lifeline and eliminate
two of the answers okay we could do that
now here it is a way I'd like to ask the
audience all right fine he wants another
lifeline is gonna get a loan against
please help us out there you go al our
entire audience as I say I'd like to a
bone a friend Phil can you get the car
out this won't take long now hello yes
speaking
Allen this is Al Gore oh I'll see what I
can do I'll get him for you
Alex field
hello you know that's it that's it
forget if this game is over I would wish
any of you on France join us tomorrow
night when George W Bush Bill Bradley
and Donald Trump will be here Dean
forget it I'm out of here I'm going back
to Kathie Lee good night everybody
you